We are currently editing over 24,549 articles, 234,656 pages, 130,924 files, and 33,887,651 users.
Simpsons Wiki is a free encyclopedia for everything related to The Simpsons. The wiki allows anyone to create or edit any article,
so everyone can contribute their knowledge to help create a decisive database of Simpsons information.

Bartholomew JoJo "Bart" Simpson (born April 1 ,1979 or February 23, 1979) is the mischievous, rebellious, misunderstood,
 disruptive and "potentially dangerous" oldest child of the Simpson family in The Simpsons. He is the only son of Homer
 and Marge Simpson, and the older brother of Lisa and Maggie. He also has been nicknamed "Cosmo", after discovering
 a comet in "Bart's Comet". Bart has also been on the cover on numerous comics, such as "Critical Hit",
 "Simpsons Treasure Trove #11", and "Winter Wingding". Bart also has a 100-issue comic series entitled
 the Simpson Comics Presents Bart Simpson. Bart is loosely based on Matt Groening and his older brother, Mark Groening.

Even at a young age, Bart has accomplished many feats. He has won an award for his Angry Dad web series[7],
he has discovered a new comet which was named after him[8], and he also has performed in a successful band with
 Milhouse Van Houten, Nelson Muntz, and Ralph Wiggum.[9]




Homer Jay Simpson (born May 12, 1956) is a man from Springfield and the protagonist of the animated television series The Simpsons.

He is a crude, ignorant, and slobbish individual, although he is fundamentally a good person and shows great caring and loyalty to his family,
 friends and on occasion, to those he barely knows or those he considers his enemies.

Homer works as a low-level safety inspector at the Springfield Nuclear Power Plant in Sector 7G,
although he is often incompetent and negligent towards his duties. He spends a great deal of his
time at Moe's Tavern with his friends Barney Gumble, Carl Carlson, Lenny Leonard, and Moe Szyslak.
At home, he can often be found sitting on the couch mindlessly watching TV while snacking on food and drinking Duff.